oh yeah I love some white spring a spin
with brown spots on them Kirby
you ain't got no romance not excuse me
excuse me I am the most romantic cat
both of you no wait
let me give you my number cuz I'm not
gonna be able to sleep until I know you
found them do you have a pen
do I
I think never happens in me man stuff
like that never happens to anybody set
for Marcus Oh Christine oh it's just too
soon like at the only real good stuff
like that happens to me all the time
because I pay attention to things about
town we talk promotion we're colleagues
we can discuss business
I'm talking about a business dinner just
business and straightly discussing our
work
you know there's other things in life
besides sex how about sharing commitment
you get to get in touch with your
feminine side like
I'm trying to impress you you know that
no you know where'd you get the mushroom
sure I got them nothing but the secret
is you gotta coordinate how much you
ever seen a guy and thought he was
attractive women do stuff like that you
see other girls and say oh she's cute
has nice guys I don't see how the guys
go look at the shoulders down we don't
do that but you know what your problem
is you need more romance and less
dopamine pincher that's what you need I
have mr. romance when I meet a woman and
then once I hit it I lose interest but
that ain't my fault are you going I have
to give a speech in the morning to the
board of directors thank you you're a
crazy psycho God Marcus I was so tense
when I got off the plane but he really
relaxed me
call me
[Music]
first of boys bring up